Cat-astrophe

Notification
A group text comes in from fixer.  “Hey, got a job for you all and it’s highly time sensitive.  Meet with Johnson is set for this Matrix node in 10 mins.” The location of the node is provided.

Mr Johnson: 
The Avatar for the Johnson is that of a paperclip wearing a large brimmed hat with a colorful feather in it.

Job:  
The team is needed to recover a shipment of goods.  Time is of the essence on this job.

Pay:  	
14,000 nuyen each (+500 / net hit) -- Negotiation 12 dice

Job Details:
After the job is accepted, the following details are disclosed.  The wreckage of the 747 that was flight 3669 is just east of Oakland in the Sierra Nevada mountains.  The transponder on the plane is transmitting this area [map coordinates provided]. The plane has crashed within the last 15 minutes, so HTR is likely en-route already.  Ideally, the team is to recover the shipment without alerting HTR and corp investigators that they were present.  There is a specific locator beacon on the shipping crate to be recovered.  The team has roughly 2 hours to get to the crash site, pick up the cargo and leave before investigators get there.

Have each of the players may Edge rolls just before they arrive to determine if/when HTR and corp investigators show up.  Party successes dictate their timetable. (scale to the size of the party)

Successes:
Successes -- HTR / Investigators are on scene in Xd6 minutes, where X = the number of Successes.
No Successes -- HTR / Investigators are on scene in under one minute
Glitch -- Remove a success from the total
Critical Glitch --  Remove two successes from the total AND HTR/Investigators are already on scene.

Twists:
*The cargo is a small kitten technocritter named Gizzy.  The plane was brought down by this critter and its abilities.

Fallout:
If the situation arises and one of the players decides to keep the kitten, then Gizzy would become attached to one of the characters, preferrably either a decker or technomancer, but this is not required.  Her abilities would be, atmost, a slight hinderance ... unless she is kept happy.  There is a chance that, if this happens and the Johnson was to find out, then another runner team would be dispatched to eliminate the party and rescue Gizzy.

Rewards:
Nuyen:
	14,000 (or negotiated amount) each

Karma:
	2 for surviving
	1 for recovering Gizzy
	3 for completing before investigators arrive

Additional Opportunities:
Additional Loot: There could be an opportunity to claim any other cargo from the wreckage as deemed necessary.
Survivors: The party may come across any survivors of the crash.  Helping them may use up precious time AND potentially inform investigators that others were here.
